Tatsu is a Strong-Willed Glaive who Master Defense

Skills:
	Jumping: T
	Resists Mental Effects: T
	Storytelling: T

Special Abilities:
	Practice with All Weapons 
	Shield Master
	Practice in Armor

Tier: 1
+Effort: 2

Cyphers (Limit 2):
	Snow Lens (lvl 3) 
		+1 Vision to Light
		28 hours
	Grow taller
	Grow a body part

Shins: 95
XP: 3

+Might: 8/14 - Edge 2
+Speed: 6/12 - Edge 1
Intellect: 3/12 

Recovery Rolls: 1

Attacks:
	Bash (1 Might point cost)
	Thrust (1 Might point cost)

Possessions:
	Equipment:
		Clothing 
		Heavy Armor (plate with cipher - invisibilty module: 1 use, 28 hour duration)
	Weapon:
		Kite Shield
		Round Buckler
		Short Sword
		Short Bow
		Quiver (30 Arrows) + 1 Special Arrow
	Explorer's Pack:
		


Artifiacts & Oddities:
	Bizzarly shaped paint brush, once licked becomes coated, sparkling clear substance that smells like the Sea.

	Magic Wentch that can change shape to the users need.

NOTES:
	"iron wind": (-1 int check), cloud of nanites.
		// is able to "alchemy" objects into different subjects
		// Tatsu is afaid of them

	Jeffron - Armorsmith
		- Wife and kids
		- From Ghan
		// I like him
		- I need to pick up pauldrons later

	Priestess Claria (Eon Priestess)
		- Good Numenera "mechanic"
		- has forked tongue

	Czar
		- Mechanical like bug

	Jennice Fallon
		- Notes on the Dred Destroyer
		- Dialect in Mor'lash
		- Claria believes that Dread Destoryers are here to protect a fortress in the Embered Peaks. 
			- Vralk Fortress, commonly known as a warring nation
			- Book has claims it was once a peaceful nation
			- 

	Arrfall - The Prefect
		- 15 min manor north of the Mouth Cairnes

	Naavi - The Barkeep
		- Has the ear of the people

	Clariuu - Eon Priest
		- Has been tracking the Dread Destroyer since it started mooving
		- wants to avoid battle

	Bernard 
		- Clariuu's right hand man

	Nabir Enthru - City in the region of Vralk (red kingdom)
		- holds Clariuu's Monestar
		- Sister city -> Mor'lash Core

	Mor Lash Core
		- 

	Guard armor - forged at very high temperatures

Story:

	Zib and I have travelled to the Mouth Carnes. 

	At the Mouth Carnes we hear a rumor about a powerful device and green light.

	We travel to the area. Along the way a party of "fans" followed.

	Desk Clerk - Lesser of the three brothers
	Lentar - Ancient Nano - gave information about nanos that harness magma into energy

	Find Fortress, Protect, Guard, Ancient, Sky, Fire, Beacon, Security, Impetuous
	Raminel get a flash of GPS location.

	Prav - "Perovi"
	"cinder giants" - tall guys that helped us get a message thought the sky.
		Fire Fang Mountains.

	Current
		FIghting the camel
		one solid hit
		Zib hit with shock stick
		Raminel escaped on Xaar
		I attacked missed and missed on returned i am prone position

	Discover the "music" came from the Rhinosous.
		[Calyptor]

	We killed the Calyptor for liability.
	the Camel is unconcious
	
	Have travelled sometime now.

	Timer: 18 hours
	Detonated the pass as an illusion to fool Callard Seabain

	While sleeping I woke to notice a "humanoid" figure what appears to be riding a limp beast corpse but travelling fast  

	Timer: 16 hours

	Attempted to go down the hill and Zib failed spectacularly
	The beast bucks off Zib and starts to run away.
	I run after the beast. ALong the way I clumsily grab the rope that was once on the beast.
	I leap into the air to lasso the beast around the neck. After a divine interferance I was able to rope the beast and bring it to a stop.
	I bring it back to Zib and I attempt to ride the beast first.
	I have full command of the beast (for the day).
	(name of beast is Abatrol)
	
	Timer: 15 horus

	We are riding throught the desert.

	Timer: 12 hours

	Zib and I switch.
	Steady jog.

	Timer: 4 hours 

	See an object on the side of the path.
	We investigate. We see that is the Zaar. But no Raminel.
	Large single gashes in the "hide" of the Zaar.
	Looking around the area, as Zib investigates the body of the Zaar, I found signs of battle and tracks. I have determined that this has to be the act of the Dread Destroyers' Side Guards (both of them). I also know that it appears to be two different types of slashing attacks (One would be their weapon, the other would be their tail). 

	In our investigation of the Zaar's body we found two objects:
	1. Growth Device: One character touched by this device perjanently gows a foot taller. this poroces is painful and takes 28 hours, during which time the affected character is impaired.
	2. the device is used to take a sample of the user's skin. The user sets the control panel to choose an organ he would like to regrow (such as an ear, finger, or eyeball). The device produces a 4-inch by 2-inch stip of a sticky, fleshlike substance that the user places on his body. In 28 hours, he has a newlyt grown organ. Once the organ is fully grown and properly placed, it self-sticks and begins to grow connections to the user's body. if allowed to attach for 28 hours without taking damage, the new organ becomes permanent.

	We continue to follow the Dread Destroyer

	We approach a hill view to see the Dread Destroyer near the Mouth Carnes and is blocked by a power of light force. This light seems to calm the Dread Destoryer for a time but continues the rampage every now and then.

	I discover that the pluses of light seems to be a form of communication. I recall back to my training and it is similar to glinting light off of shields to communcate long distances. If given time I could somewhat make sense of a message.

	As we continue towards the Dread Destoryer I am able to pull letters from the message..."____ __F___"

	"____ __F_N_"

	"H___ __F_N_"

	"H_L_ __F_N_"

	We see that the light will temporaily fade out and come back; basically we know that it is weakening.
	The Dread Destoryer is now flying in the air; well more like hovering. And is casing down a red circular light. We noticed that people that attempt to leave the red light get incinerated.

	Draw closer. "H_L_ D_F_N_"

	"H_L_ DEF_N_"

	"H_L_ DEFEN_"

	"HEL_ DEFEND"

	The light is extinguished

	I notice that the figure is the same person I saw zooming accross ground when we were resting.
	Appears to be wearing Eon Priest(ess) robes.

	Zib discovered that the "white light" was actually compacted data. 

	We approach the red light.

	I perform some test with throwing a rock; no reaction.
	I hold out my gauntlet to the red light; nothing happens.
	I pull out a roasted fowl from my pack. Eat a leg. I throw the other leg through the red light; nothing happens.

	Zib contemplates to push Me through the light...he acts. But I step in one direction. He did not expect this and ended up falling through the light, face planting into the discarded cooked fowl leg.
	I, pulling the mount, walk through the light. I feel very warm.

	Zib throws the leg back through...we see it vaporaized. There is a beam of light that causes a crater to be formed. We all (mount including) safely avoid any damage from the light.

	We clean our selves up and meet up with the cloak figure.

	She names herself as Moran. She reveals herself as someone that wishes to protect the people 
	She reveals that she has communicated with the dread destoryer. The dread destoryer is looking for something and could not find it so it is a bit angry. She succesfully negociated to stall for 28 hours. 

	She prsents a ball that opens to reveal a message (in light). It shows the fortress of Callard Seabain (movie stock video); near Mor Lash Core. Callard Seabain speaks and says that he needs our help to "Save the World"

	We discover that Moran worked under Callad Seabain for a while. She has deep admiration for him; and knows his dark secret. She tells us that he wants to negociate with the Dread Destoryer. Try to learn as much as possible from it. (Her dreams is to become an Eon Priest; but dedcicated).

	Zib asked Moran about the Dread Destroyer's "Royal Guards". What she knows is that this is an uncommon event. Majority of Dread Destoyers are solitary. So at some point when the Dread Destroyer rose it became accompanied by the "Royal Guards". They have discovered that there was a single path of follow the leadering happening. The Dread Destroyer is connection to one guard and the other guard is connected to the other guard.

	We have deteremined that the Dread Destoryer will bring down the hammer in 25 hours. Also tht Calard Seabane should arrive in 16 hours.

	Zib looks for healing stuff.

	I look for healing items. I found a strange object and use it. Unbeknownst to me I know feel very invigorated (Gen 1 Might point per min for the next 1 hour). I feel almost as if I was on a caffiene and sugar high.

	In this time Zib finds and grabs some berries that have some glowing pieces. 

	Moran and Zib find an artifact that scans food to detect poisons or "contaminants". Zib actually knows this device; he had one when he was younger. He knows what it does. In his experience, it blinks a green light if the food is good; and red if the food is bad. They scan the berries and the artifact blinks a purple light. I decide to use my cipher (the Necter Extruder) and pour out three bowls of the necter. They scan the necter and it blinks back purple. Moran decided to eat one. Nothing happens. We put the berries and necter into a jar (food for later).

	We head to the door. I check the door for traps. Im my inspection I noticed it is well made. I dont know how it would have gotten passed this door if it were not open already.

	As we head into the tunnel we notice the remnance of a broken web and a spider carcus. I put the carcus into my bag, bloody and all.

	I am charging ahead. I realize the path i a spiral going inward. I see a Stone type monster with a single eye. I, in my rashness, throw my shield at it. It hits it but has no effect on the monster. I recall my shield back. It then fires a psychic shot at me I barely survive the blast. I run back to the group. Explain the situation and then rest.

	Zib tries to convince Moran to watch over my slumbering body. Moran says 'Eff you' and runs off. Zib calls her back. Moran comes back. She decides to keep the party together. 

	-------

	Raminel wakes up, bruised, bashed, and slightly burnt.

	---

	Shiva and Quartz wake up in a white room. The room appears to depthless. They noticed a brown pile in the room. Shiva decides to ignite the pile.

	---

	Raminel fully wakes up. Hears the voices of what would seem friendly people. In despiration, he reaches for his Force shield projector.

	---

	Realizing what Shiva was about to do, he attempts to run infront of the incomming blast. 

	...

	Ramiel for a split second the sound of a crackling fire. The rushing of something and boom!


	---

	Quartz, moving faster than he ever did, rushes in front of the on coming blast. Grabs the fireball and directs it to the ground. He activates his shield. He slices open the burlap sack containting him. He sees a transparent crystal being, garbed in leather. He jumps back. 

	-------

	Herman, contempating the buttons for an hour, decides to press more buttons. Upon pressing the same button again the tube lowers.

	Bernard runs across the room to get away from the smell of Herman.

	Instead of pressing more buttons. He decides to go exploring. He finds a perfectly cube room; smells of cinnimon and is colored purple. He continues to explore. He finds a pyramid room; shiny, with an eyeball in the middle of the room, floating and starring at him. He decides to move on. But when he glances back the eyeball is not where it was. It appeared to have moved; still starring. He finds a new room; in this room she finds a chair. He sits in the chair, daintily, but with regal prestige. The chair morphs. As he settles in, the chair becomes the most comfortable chair in the world. A smell of leather wafts into the room; his favorite.

    --------

    Quartz stares at Raminel. He says "hello". Raniel in his bewilderment starts to accuse Quartz of his kidnapping; Raminel ask what is his name. Quartz repsponds with "I am Q". Q looks around at the room. Q comes to realize that the room is spherical, made of synth. He concludes that it a rather large sphere. And the walls are slightly tranparent. He decided to touch the wall. After much tribuation walking in one direction, he discovers that the wall is difficult to grasp.

    At this point, Shiva has fully awaken. She notices her friend Q. Then she notices a new person. She has never seen this person before. A bald man.

    Raminel, in his confusionf, still questions Q. Not getting much from him, Raminel questions Shiva. Raminel questions, how they got there, who put them there, who are they. Q tells him that the other is Shiva. After some questioning, Raminel determines that Q is quite trustworthy and Shiva is a pryo. 

    He questions them about the Dread Destoryer. Q knows nothing. Shiva has some information, when her and Q had started their travels they heard the rumors of the Dread Destoryer. 

    Raminel suggest they escape the room. Q ask if he should destroy it. Ramniel says they should try a non evasive way to open it first. After some searching, Raminel can not find an opening.

	-------

	Herman could not be in a more comfortable position in the world. "Bernard who?"

    -------

	Zib and Tatsu begin to stir.

	In the mean time, Moran decided to go through Zib and Tatsu's belongings. She first find a ceramic tile in Zib's bag. She speaks to it. A figure appears in the tile; a woman. She ask for more information. She sees a far off immage. She decides to move on. Continuing into Zib's bag she finds a blinking noduale. She knos about this cipher. He decides to look further and find Zib's book on the Numenera. She decide to study this book. She finds a passage about the monster that Tatsu has described. But the description has these monster larger than what would be found in the tunnels. 

	Zib and Tatus fully wake up. Zib ask what exactly I fought. We start to discuss strategies. 

	We have determined that there are about 24 hours till the world end and 16 till Callard Seabane arrives.

	-------

	Bernard really concernd for Herman attempted to rouse Herman. After trying what he knows, Bernard sprays Herman in the face. Really annoyed, Herman gets up and chases Bernard. Herman tackles Bernard, in his stuper, he could have sworn that Bernard said to him, "you worried me. it looked like the chair was swallowing you. Sparying you was all that I could think to get you to move." Herman shakes his head. Fully coming to his sense he realized that he was getting this mind back. He looked around in the control room. Quizically, he ask Bernard directly "do you know what to do here"; Bernard just arks his back like nothing phased him. But Bernard begins to paw at the eye ball joystick. Herman decides to pull the lever towards him. A high pitched, but soothing, sound rings out.

	-------

	Shiva attempts to run up the wall. She able to run a ways but fall back down. Raminel ask Q how they can get out of there. Raminel asks Q if he can get out. Q says he can smash it. The group decides for Q to smash the sphere, while Raminel and Shiva embraced to be protected into the force shield protector. 

	Q smashes out of the spheres with a hole in the "wall". Shiva and Raminel, rush through the hole to escape the sphenre. They move out of the way, as the sphere collapses.

	They realized they are in a hall. They move along and find a room with two chairs with control panels infront of it. In the center of the room is a pedistal with a control panel. Raminel uses his abilty to talk to machines to communicate to the control panel. It speaks back with an old dialect. Raminel asks the others to "carefully" search the room. Q and Shiva see that there are several tunnels around the room that leads to other rooms.

	Raminel discovers that the area is used for transporting things. He gains a very rudimentary understanding of the device. He notices that the room off to the east is the power source. 

	Raminel is trying to convice the others to test the machine.

	--------

	Zib, Tatsu, and Moran start walking down the hall; still discussing strageties. We encouter the monster, but faced the other way. I pull them back. And start to whisper. Zib decides to whistle...the monster does not react.

	---

	Herman hears a loud whistle. She decides to push the lever back. A sound like something coming to a hault. She tries to move it again, but the joystick does not move. 

	---

	Zib thows a small rock past the monster. The monster starts to glow. Tatsu warns the others its about to attack. We notice that the monster directs an attack at the rock. We plan to test more stuff but we noticed that it starts to rotate. Zib motions us to follow. We, steathily do so, and immediately know that the monster is vision based and we strathe behind its back. We get past unharmed. We enter into a room with a pedistal and a control panel. Zib and Moran do some searching. Tatsu refers back to the embered beings and gets a sense that the machine was meant to "swim" through earth.

	-------

	Raminel deices to press the star button. 

	Nothing happens.

	He presses the circle button.

	He finds himself, in another room. He smells skunk and sees an old man.

	--------

	Herman first notices Moran. Out of shock he yells. This yell had properties of psychic abilities.

	Moran taken off guard as well starts screaming. Moran's head is filled with his screams. So loud that she is not able to hold on to a thought for a moment.

	Herman and throws Bernard at Moran.

	Bernard is flung past Moran and lands near Tatsu, who was behind Zib and Moran.

	Tatsu goes for an attack.

	Zib, quick to grasp the situation, yells back to Tatsu to stop.

	In the situation, Tatsu had a brief moment of rage...intent to bash the small purple creature. But his strong-will recomposed his thoughts and was able to use his other shield as a pivot to completely avoid the creature.

	Seeing that his faithful pet is in trouble, Herman runs towards Bernard.

	Moran, in her strainged ability to maintain a thought, sticks out her foot. At the same moment Zib activates a flash bang device.

	Herman, not noticing the foot trips over Moran's foot. But instead of falling over onto the ground he some how able to cartwheel over and is now standing right infront of Tatsu; guarding Bernard.

	Tatsu, going based on instint alown, throws a punch.

	Herman elequoently dodges the attack. 

	Sprised by this, Tatsu jumps back and takes a full defensive stance.

	"Who are you?" Herman says.

	"It speaks!" Zib exclaims

	After some quick talking, we all get on a level footing about our intentsions (possibly).

	Tatsu and Zib began barggining with Herman to get information and passage through the area. In the mean time, Moran started to investigate the other rooms. Zib attmpt to bargin a broken force module, using hedge magic to waft perfume of lavender towards him. Herman, being a man of the woods and field, he is not impressed by Zib's attempt at deception.